[DOCS] Update About GX Cloud (#9751)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/about_gx.md

---
sidebar_label: 'GX Cloud deployment patterns and architecture'
title: 'GX Cloud deployment patterns and architecture'
description: Learn more about GX Cloud deployment patterns and architecture.
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

> GX Cloud simplifies data quality management and monitoring. Its easy-to-use web interface lets you quickly validate your data without creating and running complex Python code. With GX Cloud, you can work collaboratively with your teammates to define and test reusable data queries that alert you to changes in your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GX Cloud simplifies data quality management and monitoring. Its easy-to-use web interface lets you quickly validate your data without provisioning and maintaining complex infrastructure. With GX Cloud, you can work collaboratively with your teammates to define and test reusable data queries that alert you to changes in your data.
```

> GX Cloud includes the following features and functionality:

Reviewer: This list is thin. I'm sure we can flesh out this list of Cloud benefits. Will you please reach out to Thaise to get ideas?

This doesn't need to block this PR.

## GX Cloud deployment patterns

GX Cloud deployments can be tailored to meet your specific business requirements. How your data is accessed and how you want your users to interact with GX Cloud determine which deployment pattern and GX architectural components are suitable for your organization.

### Org-hosted deployment pattern

> In an org-hosted deployment, you run the GX Agent in your organization's deployment environment, for example, development or production. The GX Agent is an intermediary between GX Cloud and your organization's deployment environment data stores. Organization users can interact with GX Cloud using the web UI, the GX OSS client, or both.

Author: ```suggestion
In an org-hosted deployment, you run the GX Agent in your organization's deployment environment. The GX Agent is an intermediary between GX Cloud and your organization's deployment environment data stores. Organization users can interact with GX Cloud using the web UI, the GX OSS client, or both.
```
